Add client awareness support (#4154)
apollographql/apollo-client: docs/source/api/apollo-client.md

- `ssrForceFetchDelay`: determines the time interval before Apollo Client force fetchs queries after a server side render.
- `connectToDevTools`: This argument allows the [Apollo Client Devtools](../features/developer-tooling.html) to connect to your application's Apollo Client. You can set this to be `true` to use the tools in production (they are on by default in dev mode).
- `queryDeduplication`: If set to false, this argument will force a query to still be sent to the server even if a query with identical parameters (query, variables, operationName) is already in flight.

> - `name`: A unique identifying client name that can be used to represent connections made using this instance of Apollo Client. Apollo Server leverages this property as part of its [Client Awareness](/docs/apollo-server/v2/features/metrics.html#Client-Awareness) functionality.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `name`: A unique client name that can be used to identify connections made using this instance of Apollo Client. Apollo Server leverages this property as part of its [Client Awareness](/docs/apollo-server/v2/features/metrics.html#Client-Awareness) functionality.
```

> - `version`: A unique client version that can be used to represent connections made using this instance of Apollo Client. Apollo Server leverages this property as part of its [Client Awareness](/docs/apollo-server/v2/features/metrics.html#Client-Awareness) functionality.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `version`: A unique client version that can be used to differentiate connections made using this instance of Apollo Client from others with the same `name`. Apollo Server leverages this property as part of its [Client Awareness](/docs/apollo-server/v2/features/metrics.html#Client-Awareness) functionality.
```
